# Kickstarter-Analysis
Performing analysis on Kickstarter data

## Overview of Project
The purpose of this analysis was to help Louise research data downloaded from Kickstarter so that she could start her own campaign for her play. 

## Analysis and Challenges
The Kickstarter data was voluminous; therefore, for the analysis to be relevant to Louise, it had to be filtered heavily. The original data included every Kickstarted project regardless of category so the first step was to use Excel to filter out data that was irrelevant to theater. After the data was filtered down to the relevant materials, i.e. theater related Kickstarters, two graphs were created using Excels pivot table functions, Outcomesby Launch Date and Outcomes Based on Goals. Had the data not been filtered the graphs would have been challenging to create, as well as nearly impossible to understand with the amount of data provided from Kickstarter.

## Results
From the Outcomes by Launch Date graph we can conclude first, that there is an influx of Kickstarters at the beginning of summer that tapers off as the season changes to fall and winter, second, since both the failed and successful lines follow each other almost identically you can assume that the date at which the Kickstarter was initiated does not have an effect on whether or not the campaign is successful or not. From the Outcomes Based on Goals graph we can conclude that there is an inverse relationship between goal amount and the success of the Kickstarter, mainly that as the goals of the Kickstarter go up it is less likely that the campaign will be successful. One potential limitation to this data set is that it doesn't address how Kickstarters can also include donation incentives at certain tiers, including, but not limited to, early access to the product or some kind of credit as a Kickstarter backer. The data also did not show if the campaign established any kind of roadmap or plan of action for completion of the campaign, which could incentivize people to donate. Another table or graph that could have been included with the data that was available would be comparing the success or failure of the campaign with whether or not it was chosen as a staff pick.
